The Qin family has now started selling stocks
Collected funds
I've sent someone to buy their stock
As soon as the Qin family gets this project
I can devalue the market value of the Qin family consortium
We're just waiting to reap the benefits of the fisherman
If only Jiang's Pharmaceutical
The financial resources of Xingyao Evergreen's three consortia
And it works really well.
And arguably the only way
But what?
You forgot the money I made going out to Lao Jiang
Tell me the truth.
How much money did Lao Jiang make for helping you this time?
Wow, 100 billion.
Or dollars?
$100 billion
Converted to RMB
That's over 600 billion.
This is fast.
That's half the assets of Zombie Pharmaceutical
Oh.
So what you think is
We get the project first
Then lure the whole family to take action
When the time comes, Eli Poqiao
Make a remnant of grace
I'll tell you what.
In addition to this $100 billion backing
We don't spend a penny on the up-front investment.